welcome to the man of recaps this is
better call Saul season four once again
we start in a Cinnabon where future Saul
Goodman is hiding out after the events
of Breaking Bad at the end of the season
three intro he passed out while he was
working he's fine though it was a fake
heart attack just stress and coming to
the hospitals giving him even more
stress because his identity is totally
fake luckily it clears just fine but
he's getting increasingly paranoid
everyone he sees he thinks might be out
to kill him back in the past at the end
of season three Jimmy's brother Chuck
had finally had it with his craziness
about electricity and decided to kick
over the lantern and he does indeed die
Jimmy sad for an episode but then he
remembers he and his brother hated each
other so he moves on real quick
Jimmy's lawyer license is suspended for
a year so he's looking for new jobs he's
living with his girlfriend Kim now who
was also taking a break from lawyering
to heal up from a car accident Jimmy's
first interview is for a job selling
printers and Jimmy could sell ice to a
polar bear he gives an epic presentation
he blows these guys away so much they
want to hire him right on the spot but
he's kind of like what kind of losers
are you you wanna just hire me off the
street out here in the office though he
saw one of their grandma's old figurines
and from his time working with old
people he knows that that one is real
valuable so he calls up Mike Ehrmantraut
it's like hey let's steal that replace
it with the similar-looking cheap one
easy money but Mike doesn't need the
money these days in fact he just quit
his job at the parking lot he stole a
buttload of money from hector salamanca
last season and Gus fring hooked him up
with Madrigal to help him launder it so
Mike's getting checks in the mail for
doing nothing but he's not happy about
the paper trail so one day he shows up
at Madrigal and starts bossing people
around letting everyone know that Mike
Ehrmantraut is the new security
consultant anyway Jimmy finds another
burglar for the easy job unfortunately
the dudes sleeping in his office tonight
because he's having a fight with his
wife the burglar finally gets the
contact Jimmy like hey get me out of
here so Jimmy goes and causes a
distraction so he can slip away Jimmy
did get a day job at a cell phone store
unfortunately there's not a lot of
traffic here he gets his cut from the
burglar and the guy mentions that he
uses a new burner phone for every job
just so no one can track it this gives
Jimmy a great idea he takes a bunch of
the cell phones from his store and goes
half on the street selling them to
criminals it's a huge success
unfortunately some local ruffians decide
to mug him take all his earnings he goes
back to him later but this time
with back up brings them to a pinata
store and puts the fear of God in them
after that Jimmy's burner phone side
business is thriving and he's going by
his go-to fake name Saul Goodman now at
the end of last season Hector Salamanca
had a stroke because nacho switched out
his heart pills for fake ones and long
story short Gus fring figures it out so
he has his guys take out nachos partner
and it's like hey I know you killed
Hector Salamanca but I won't tell anyone
because you're now gonna secretly work
for me
so they staged it to look like a rival
gang hijacked him to make it real nachos
gotta take a bullet they decide to make
it look really real and shoot him in the
stomach but luckily they bring him to
the veterinarian black-market doctor to
patch him up the Salamanca send the
murder twins in to take out that rival
gang and this is all part of Gus rings
master plan to eventually cut ties with
the cartel and have his own drug empire
this side of the border to that end he
meets with Gael the wacky chemist from
Breaking Bad it's like hey man
eventually I'm gonna want you to cook
meth for me but not yet first he flies
in a German engineer to build the secret
meth lab under his laundry gus brings
mike in to run the operation and they
build a secret bunker for the german
workers to live because to keep it
totally secret these guys can't go
outside they're doing nothing but
working on the secret lab meanwhile
nachos life is pretty great these days
first he had to go to deal with and then
heck door he's finally able to just run
the business without a crazy Salamanca
micromanaging him pretty soon though a
new crazy Salamanca shows up
this guy's Lalo he's a real friendly
charismatic type but also clearly a
psychopath he goes to see his uncle
Hector and in fact brings him the bell
that he famously rings in Breaking Bad
Hector Salamanca has reached his final
form his diagnosis was really bad they
thought he'd be out of it for life but
Gus fring had a specialist brought in to
work with him every day and get him
functioning but not because he likes him
because he hates him and he wants to
make sure Hector's aware when he finally
gets his revenge back to Jimmy one day a
cop comes and tries to shut him down but
Jimmy made sure he's not technically
breaking any laws he's hired Hugh all
his future Breaking Bad bodyguard
he'll sees him in trouble doesn't
realize this guy's a cop so boom hits
him with the sandwich that counts as
assaulting a police officer so he will
need some legal assistance kim is
finally back to work her one and only
client is Mesa Verde Bank which needs
full-time legal assistance opening
branches in other states
keeps feeling unsatisfied with this
banking gig so she starts taking up
public defender work on the side mesa
verde is not okay with this it's like we
need your full attention here so Kim
goes to the big fancy law firm that
wanted to hire her last season and she's
like hey I've reconsidered I can't do
this on my own I'm in Jimmy's kind of
unhappy about this his big dream for
when he gets his license back was for he
and Kim to open their own practice
together he goes to Kim now though for
help with Huell and she's like wait a
minute you've been selling burner phones
out the back of a van she's a little
disappointed in him but does agree to
help you'll but the DA's being a real
stickler she's like Jimmy I have an idea
but it's not exactly legal
so Jimmy takes a long bus ride and
writes hundreds of letters mails them
from a small town in Louisiana they
flood the DA's office with letters
begging for Hugh's release claiming he's
some sort of hometown hero when they
call to check in on this Jimmy's got all
the phones ready along with a bunch of
accents and stories of how he will save
the congregation from the fire and they
don't want to start a media circus so
they dropped the case
Jimmy's afraid that Kim's real mad at
him now but on the contrary she's kind
of turned on later when Mesa Verde wants
to change one of their new branches
floor plans that have already been
approved there's just no way to do it
unless she pulls another con she goes in
there on crutches with a sob story about
being a single mother she claims she
just wants to check the floor plans make
sure they match and they do but then
Jimmy comes in as her good-for-nothing
brother who left the baby in the car
they run out and boom breastmilk ruins
the blueprints Tim freaks out I'm gonna
lose my job
but the lady's like hey I mean we just
checked that these are the same we'll
just to prove those you brought but of
course Kim swapped him out for the
changed ones so with Jimmy Styles she
pulled off the impossible now almost a
year's gone by and the Germans are
getting pretty depressed guys like hey
Mike I miss my wife can I get a small
vacation but Mike's like sorry man can't
do it but the guy can't take it anymore
he runs off and it's all hands on deck
to get him back Lalo Salamanca has been
spying on Gus's operation and sees
something going down so he tells Mike
but you can't tell Mike Ehrmantraut
master of the parking lot he lures him
in then on the way out
clogs up the machine with chewing gum so
he gets away leaving Lalo trapped this
forces him to take a more aggressive
approach to see what Mike's up to turns
out the German guys at a nearby resorts
just to get some much-needed Sun he
calls him up pretending that he works
for Gus and the
I almost spills all the beans but Mike's
there to stop them just in time it's
like hey Mike sorry I ran off I just
needed a break
and it's like dude I don't think you
understand how much trouble you're in
Mike's like hey he's sorry it won't
happen again but Gus is not givin second
chances the order comes to kill him it's
tough cuz my kind of befriended this guy
but he's a professional he takes him out
meanwhile Jimmy's lawyer suspension is
finally over it's just a formality to
get the bar to reinstate him but they
deny him they still think he's kind of a
sleazeball one of the reasons is because
Jimmy didn't even mention his brother
Chuck who just died and was the
inspiration for him to become a lawyer
in the first place in his will Chuck
actually left Jimmy a letter that
despite their animosity was actually
really nice so at his appeal Jimmy's
gonna read the letter to show how much
he and his brother loved each other but
Jimmy breaks down and really speaks from
the heart about how he and his brother
didn't always see eye to eye but he
loved and respected him it's really
quite touching and they agree to
reinstate him but turns out Jimmy was
totally acting he's like I can't believe
those suckers bought it he's got a plan
for his new law practice turns out all
the criminals he's been selling burner
phones to make great future clients only
problem is they don't know him as Jimmy
McGill they know him as Saul Goodman so
he applies for a doing business as and
next season saul goodman's officially in
business and that's how season four
comes to an end if you liked this recap
hit that subscribe button I'm bringing
you the best recaps of TV and movies so
don't miss out
[Music]